readme.md, before:

# Kitty Clicker v 0.07!

## About:

Welcome to my second independent project! Kitty Clicker is a simple game where the goal is to increase a number as high as possible. Can you reach 1,000,000 kitties?

##### Features:

+ Upgrade and purchase new items to increase the amount of kitties acquired

+ Developed in HTML, CSS, and Javascript

+ Cat-themed

+ Supported on mobile browsers 

##### v 0.7 Updates:
Currently only three of the eight buttons are working
  + 5/18: Added Catnip
  + 5/19: Project enters Beta!
      + Buttons work as intended
      + Added Yarnball Button
      + Added Laser Pointer Button
      + Added Rubber Mouse Button
      + Added Kitty Tower
      + Added Lucky Neko
      + All buttons completed!
      + More visual assets Added
      + styling adjustments
      + font library added

  + 5/20:
    + Mobile support added!
###### Future Updates:


+ Finalize audio/visual assets

+ Save/load Features

+ Price adjustment

+ Bugfixes
  + Fix loadbar bug where it glitches before second instance
  + Neko multiplier not applying to other buttons unless other buttons clicked
  + Number bar not displaying until main kitty is clicked

+ Balancing

+ CSS Style improvements


###### Assets and code created by Tyler Krszjzaniek in 2018

Commit message:

add locale string, begin menu button

readme.md, after:

# Kitty Clicker v 0.07!

## About:

Welcome to my second independent project! Kitty Clicker is a simple game where the goal is to increase a number as high as possible. Can you reach 1,000,000 kitties?

##### Features:

+ Upgrade and purchase new items to increase the amount of kitties acquired

+ Developed in HTML, CSS, and Javascript

+ Cat-themed

+ Supported on mobile browsers

##### v 0.71 Updates:
Currently only three of the eight buttons are working
  + 5/18: Added Catnip
  + 5/19: Project enters Beta!
      + Buttons work as intended
      + Added Yarnball Button
      + Added Laser Pointer Button
      + Added Rubber Mouse Button
      + Added Kitty Tower
      + Added Lucky Neko
      + All buttons completed!
      + More visual assets Added
      + styling adjustments
      + font library added

  + 5/20:
    + Mobile support added!
  + 5/21:
    + Added commas to large numbers
    + Began working on menu button (disabled on mobile)
###### Future Updates:


+ Finalize audio/visual assets

+ Save/load Features

+ Price adjustment

+ Bugfixes
  + Fix loadbar bug where it glitches before second instance

+ Balancing

+ CSS Style improvements


###### Assets and code created by Tyler Krszjzaniek in 2018
